19/09/24
Meeting #2
Sprint 2
Meeting Minutes
Attendees (4/6):


Marian Hristov
Kingham Kerry Kinyuy
Vinuyan Sivakolunthu
Jeslyn Sorotsky

Notes:

Each person will have a PR (we are following a colour-coded system, see our backlog: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1EzMJldyO90Az4accV2Oak42NHM8uwWgPFsy1-BVErd0/edit?gid=1087123823#gid=1087123823)
In order to eliminate any confusion and make this current Sprint more productive than the last one, we will be naming branches after a feature. This way, many relevant tasks can be grouped together.
Github repository management
Addressing any blockers or challenges with express and react

To do:
Everyone will focusing on completing their own part
* fix Sprint 1 problems
*2 tests
