05/11/24  
Meeting \#1  
Sprint 3  
Meeting Minutes  
Attendees (4/6):

- Jeslyn Sorotsky  
- Kingham Kerry Kinyuy  
- Sasha Klein-Charland  
- Srabanti Mazumdar

Notes:

- Do github actions for the tests from sprint 2  
- Assumed that all the tasks from sprint 2 were done for our new google sheet for sprint 3  
- Created user stories and tasks for sprint 3  
- Student goes to courses \>\>\> selects course \>\>\> sees their group with all their teammates names \>\>\> selects a teammate to rate \>\>\> rate teammate  
- Button that says “view my teammates” on course page (student side)  
- Dashboard of reviews \>\>\> per student → so all the reviews that students made for that student will be displayed in the table → access to DB  
- Prioritize the testing and the CICD pipeline  
- Detailed log of each team member’s contribution  
- Fix group db object, we need: team name, teammates student ids, teammates names, course id  
- Alert box that confirms submission of review

To do:

- Review existing PRs from sprint 2 → Vini and Marian  
- Merge branches from sprint 2 to main→ Vini and Marian  
- Email TA to know the difference between the dashboards (specific vs general) → ???  
- Write issues for each feature → everyone  
- Fix group db object → Kerry  
- Divide the tasks more and fix sprint 3 spreadsheet→ Marian and Vini


  
